Okey
Yes.
Um. We have had attorneys that moved to different states.
And like, for instance, if an LRB attorney moved out.
to Texas.
Um. They still wanted to keep their LA salary, right?
And to a certain extent, it depends.
It's case by case. We have to honor certain things. The contract is a contract.
And we would do that, but... Um
It, it just some. You know maybe next year, their rate mght
get adjusted a little bit, or you know, certain things, like certain factors.
are kind of factored into that, Um, to change.
Just the rate.
They do that. That is true, yes.
Once you do have to get be admitted to the state bar.
that you are working out of so it is essential for you to
If you're in LA, you have to pass the California State Bar to practice, right?
Um, but there are.
There's a court. Ohhh... I forget the name exactly.
There is a petition you can do. So let's say there's a case in Washington DC.
That's  some of our California attorneys need to practice them, but they're not all admitted.
in DC. So you have an attorney there and you can have.
Another attorney who resides in Washington D.C. is practicing there.
And they will. Um.  It's like a.
Not a substitution of attorney, but they actually can.
um, petition you as like a friend of the court.
And so for this case, because you have a certain level of expertise,
that is needed in this case. Let's say it expands the two, you know.
States or whatever it is and for that case only you can't be admitted.
to be able to practice, you know, to represent in that.
But it is a case by case. And.
All the time, a lot.
Isn't that like the superior courts or are you going to different?
Portraits?
Uhuh.
Uhm hum
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay that sinks small.
yES.
Yeah....
So you have clients that you've been...
Representing for years. In our
Right.
Wow, that's amazing, yeah.
Yeah, I'm sure those cases are not.
I see and I wonder if it's are you able to
tell like with your level of experience just like
If you can see whether an asylum case might be granted or not.
Not that you, you know, I know it's always up to the judge. But.